---
layout: post
title: Hi, there!
description: This is the introductory post and my initial expression on Tumblr for a personal site/blog.
---
<pre>
<b>(This was the first blog post when I created my blog on Tumblr. Many things have changed since then, most prominently the migration of this site from <a href="http://danyalzia.com/2015/03/01/migrated-to-jekyll/">Tumblr to Jekyll</a>. I have decided to host old posts here as well so that I can see the improvements in my writing style).</b>
</pre>
<span class="firstcharacter">M</span>y name is Danyal Zia, I live in Karachi, Pakistan — a fast [developing city](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_Karachi). I’m graduating at University of Karachi, where I’m studying software engineering. I like to program applications, my main interest is in native compiled programming languages. I prefer static/strongly typed languages such as C, C++ and D. In the recent months, I have contributed to some open-source softwares that are hosted on Github. I occasionally host my projects and code snippets there too, at the moment I’m developing the direct bindings of Irrlicht 3D Engine (which is originally written in C++) for D programming language — a language which I admires a lot — for which I will post later. I currently do freelancing in software development and a content writer. Apart from programming and writing skills, I like to play (guitar, keyboards etc) and listen (rock mostly) music. I regularly do cover of contemporary rock songs.

Tumblr — as a CMS seemed very appealing to me. I was seduced by the fact that you can create unlimited sites with it for free and the custom domain can be later brought from domain registrar at a quite reasonable prize. When I began working as a freelancer, I had an ambition to make my personal site — a site which can be one-stop shop on my contact information. So, I decided to try Tumblr for both the CMS and site hosting, and I’m quite happy with it. Once I get enough recognition, I will buy the custom domain.

PS: Feel free to poke around the site and [contact me](http://danyalzia.com/contact) if needed!


